Add content to whats new file for v0-0-4 (#172)
oemof/oemof-thermal: docs/whats_new/v0-0-4.rst

New features
------------

> * We have validated the following components: heat pump, chiller, stratified thermal storage and concentrating solar power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We have validated the following components: heat pump, chiller and stratified thermal storage and concentrating solar power (CSP). The documentation of the CSP validation is postponed due to data licensing issues.
```

> * An excess sink has been defined in the facade example of the concentrating solar power component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An excess sink has been defined in the facades of the solar thermal and the concentrating solar power component to prevent energy systems from being unsolvable because of heat overproduction.
```

Documentation
-------------

* Some minor improvements in the documentation of the stratified thermal storage have been made.

> * We improved the documentation on the examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We improved the documentation on the examples.
```

Bug fixes
---------

> * A warning has been implemented for the concentrating solar power component, if required parameters are missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A warning for missing required parameters has been implemented in the concentrating solar power component.
```

Other changes
-------------

* We have cleaned the examples of the stratified thermal storage component and made it more transparent.

Contributors
------------

* Caroline Möller
* Franziska Pleißner
* Jakob Wolf
* Jann Launer
* Marie-Claire Gering

> * Felix Janiak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Patrik Schönfeldt
* Felix Janiak
```
